README.md, before:

# Edtr.io  [![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-2.1.0-black.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio/releases) [![Gitmoji](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitmoji-%20😜%20😍-FFDD67.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gitmoji.carloscuesta.me)


A rich text editor for easily creating content in schools based on [Slate.js](https://github.com/ianstormtaylor/slate).

## Getting started
```shell
yarn install
yarn start
# go to localhost:3000 if it doesnt open automatically
```

## Features
- Hovering menu (**bold**, *italic*, <u>underline</u>, `code`, h1, h2)
- Markdown shortcuts (h1-h5 `#`, ul `-`, blockquotes `>`)
- Auto-detecting urls (need `http(s)://` prefix atm)
- Button to add Code Blocks
- Button to add Images
- Button to add Geogebra applets
- Video integration (paste youtube video link and it'll be auto-converted)

## Documentation
The docs can be found [here](https://edtrio-docs.netlify.com/).

## Contribute
We very much welcome any kinds of contributions! Have a look at our [issue tracker](https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio/issues) or [project board roadmap](https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio/projects/1) for inspiration.
- Issue Tracker: https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio/issues
- Source Code: https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio

## License
The project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Enhance tooling (#104)
* Enable Typescript

* Add styled components

* Add support for jest tests

* Move test files to test folder

* Add tslint and convert root files into rudimentary ts

* Add doc section about development introducing the tooling choices

README.md, after:

# Edtr.io [![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-2.1.0-black.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio/releases) [![Gitmoji](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitmoji-%20😜%20😍-FFDD67.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gitmoji.carloscuesta.me)

A rich text editor for easily creating content in schools based on [Slate.js](https://github.com/ianstormtaylor/slate).

## Getting started

```shell
yarn install
yarn start
# go to localhost:3000 if it doesnt open automatically
```

## Features

- Hovering menu (**bold**, _italic_, <u>underline</u>, `code`, h1, h2)
- Markdown shortcuts (h1-h5 `#`, ul `-`, blockquotes `>`)
- Auto-detecting urls (need `http(s)://` prefix atm)
- Button to add Code Blocks
- Button to add Images
- Button to add Geogebra applets
- Video integration (paste youtube video link and it'll be auto-converted)

## Documentation

The docs can be found [here](https://edtrio-docs.netlify.com/).

## Contribute

We very much welcome any kinds of contributions! Have a look at our [issue tracker](https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio/issues) or [project board roadmap](https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio/projects/1) for inspiration.

- Issue Tracker: https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio/issues
- Source Code: https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio

For some tooling explanations and guidelines, please head on over to the [docs](https://edtrio-docs.netlify.com/).

## License

The project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
