docs/plugins/overview.mdx, before:

---
name: Overview
route: /plugins/
menu: 3. Plugins
order: 200
---

# Plugins Overview
These are all custom developed plugins currently included in Edtr.io:

| Plugin               | Description                                  |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| `add-section`        | Exports button component to append a section |
| `text-menu`          | Adds popup text menu (bold, italic, ...)     |
| `plus-menu`          | Adds small plus to row to add interactive content |
| `code-block`         | Adds simple code blocks to the editor        |
| `geogebra`           | Adds geogebra to the editor                  |
| `iframe`             | Adds iframes to the editor                   |
| `image`              | Adds images to the editor                    |
| `title`              | Adds a title to the editor                   |
| `section`            | Adds sections and p tags to the editor       |
| `url-handler`        | Automatically tries to inline urls content (e.g. YouTube videos) |
| `auto-url`           | Automatically detects urls and highlights them |
| `markdown-shortcuts` | Automatically turns markdown into rich elements |
| `helpers`            | Set of helper functions (e.g. `insertParagraph()`) |
| `download-file`      | Adds up/download functionality for files (UNUSED ATM) |

Commit message:

:recycle: Remove unused code blocks
:busts_in_silhouette: Add author and contributors to package.json
:memo: Update docs/plugins/overview
:recycle: Move helper classes out of /plugins
:fire: Remove unused plugins/download-file

docs/plugins/overview.mdx, after:

---
name: Overview
route: /plugins/
menu: 3. Plugins
order: 200
---

# Plugins Overview
These are all custom developed plugins currently included in Edtr.io:

| Plugin               | Description                                  |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| `add-section`        | Exports button component to append a section |
| `code-block`         | Adds simple code blocks to the editor        |
| `embed`              | Adds embedding capabilities to videos, iframes etc.|
| `geogebra`           | Adds geogebra to the editor                  |
| `headlines`          | Adds support for all headlines h1-h6         |
| `image`              | Adds images to the editor                    |
| `markdown-shortcuts` | Automatically turns markdown into rich elements |
| `plus-menu`          | Adds small plus to row to add interactive content |
| `section`            | Adds sections and p tags to the editor       |
| `text-menu`          | Adds popup text menu (bold, italic, ...)     |
| `title`              | Adds a title to the editor                   |
