docs/README.md, before:

# Edtr.io [![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-Gitbook.io-lightgrey.svg)](https://edtrio.gitbook.io/docs) 

Edtr.io is an open-source project created by [Schul-Cloud](https://github.com/schul-cloud) to enable seamless content creation.

It provides two things: A universal editor infrastructure to manipulate and create content and a set of 'lego block' plugins to make that process even easier. Edtr.io is React based and plugins [can be easily created](Develop_plugins.md).<br />Want to contribute? Check out our [Contributing.md](https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)  and our [Roadmap](https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio/projects/1) to find issues to work on or [propose your own](https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio/issues).

## Demo
![Screenshot Edtr.io](https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio/raw/docs-init/docs/screenshot_editor.png "Edtr.io screenshot")

## Setup
Installing Edtr.io is a fairly straight forward process:

```shell
$ git clone git@github.com:schul-cloud/edtrio.git
$ cd edtrio
$ yarn install
```

After the installation is done you can launch the editor via:

```shell
$ yarn start
```

Commit message:

:memo: Fix and extend docs
* Extend docs further
* Add Architecture section
* Add further info about plugins
* Add Windows note


* Fix broken screenshot
* Rename LayoutPlugin to TwoColLayout
* Fix naming of plugins
* Fix video plugin being displayed funny

See #33
Closes #24

docs/README.md, after:

# Edtr.io [![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-Gitbook.io-lightgrey.svg)](https://edtrio.gitbook.io/docs)

Edtr.io is an open-source project created by [Schul-Cloud](https://github.com/schul-cloud) to enable seamless content creation.

It provides two things: A universal editor infrastructure to manipulate and create content and a set of 'lego block' plugins to make that process even easier. Edtr.io is React based and plugins [can be easily created](Develop_plugins.md).<br />Want to contribute? Check out our [Contributing.md](https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)  and our [Roadmap](https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio/projects/1) to find issues to work on or [propose your own](https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio/issues).

## Demo
![Screenshot Edtr.io](https://github.com/schul-cloud/edtrio/raw/master/docs/screenshot_editor.png "Edtr.io screenshot")

## Setup
Installing Edtr.io is a fairly straight forward process:

```shell
$ git clone git@github.com:schul-cloud/edtrio.git
$ cd edtrio
$ yarn install
```

> Are you on Windows? Make sure to run your Shell with Administrator privileges!

After the installation is done you can launch the editor via:

```shell
$ yarn start
```
